2.0 did docs (#2273)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/references/protocol/ledger-data/ledger-entry-types/did.md

---
html: did.html
parent: ledger-entry-types.html

> blurb: The definition and details of a Decentralized Identifier(DID).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
blurb: The definition and details of a Decentralized Identifier (DID).
```

labels:
  - DID
status: not_enabled
---
# DID
[[Source]](https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled/blob/master/src/ripple/protocol/impl/LedgerFormats.cpp#L330-L341 "Source")

_(Requires the [DID amendment][] :not_enabled:)_

> A `DID` ledger entry holds references to, or data associated w ith a single [DID](decentralized-identifiers.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `DID` ledger entry holds references to, or data associated with, a single [DID](decentralized-identifiers.html).
```

## Example DID JSON

```json
{
    "Account": "rpfqJrXg5uidNo2ZsRhRY6TiF1cvYmV9Fg",
    "DIDDocument": "646F63",
    "Data": "617474657374",
    "Flags": 0,
    "LedgerEntryType": "DID",
    "OwnerNode": "0",
    "PreviousTxnID": "A4C15DA185E6092DF5954FF62A1446220C61A5F60F0D93B4B09F708778E41120",
    "PreviousTxnLgrSeq": 4,
    "URI": "6469645F6578616D706C65",
    "index": "46813BE38B798B3752CA590D44E7FEADB17485649074403AD1761A2835CE91FF"
}
```

## DID Fields

In addition to the [common fields](ledger-entry-common-fields.html), `{{currentpage.name}}` entries have the following fields:

| Field               | JSON Type | [Internal Type][] | Required? | Description  |
|:--------------------|:----------|:------------------|:----------|--------------|
| `Account`           | String    | AccountID         | Yes       | The account that controls the DID. |
| `DIDDocument`       | String    | Blob              | No        | The W3C standard DID document associated with the DID. The `DIDDocument` field isn't checked for validity and is limited to a maximum length of 256 bytes. |

> | `Data`              | String    | Blob              | No        | The public attestations of identity credentials associated with the DID. The `Data`` field isn't checked for validity and is limited to a maximum length of 256 bytes. |

Reviewer 2: extra ` in:

...with the DID. The `Data`` field isn't checked..."

| `LedgerEntryType`   | String    | UInt16            | Yes       | The value `0x0049`, mapped to the string `DID`, indicates that this object is a DID object. |
| `OwnerNode`         | String    | UInt64            | Yes       | A hint indicating which page of the sender's owner directory links to this entry, in case the directory consists of multiple pages. |
| `PreviousTxnID`     | String    | Hash256           | Yes       | The identifying hash of the transaction that most recently modified this object. |
| `PreviousTxnLgrSeq` | Number    | UInt32            | Yes       | The index of the ledger that contains the transaction that most recently modified this object. |

> | `URI`               | String    | Blob              | No        | The Universal Resource Identifier that points to the corresponding DID document or the data associated with the DID. This field can be an HTTP(S) URL or IPFS URI. This field isn't checked for validity and is limited to a maximum length of 256 bytes. |

Reviewer: Does this list have to be in alphabetical order? I think it'd be easy to miss the `URI` at the bottom

Author: This is the style guide we go with for the docs. I don't want to break a reader's expectation of how to find a field in a list.
